c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.exe
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.pdb
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.exe
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.pdb
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dane.leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Dane.Leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Common\TileStiles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Dane.Leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Common\TileStiles.g.cs
C:\Users\Dane.Leube\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Common\TileStiles.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\StringValues.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\StringValues.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\TileStyles.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\TileStyles.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Customer\SelectCustomerPage.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Customer\SelectCustomerPage.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\StartScreenPage.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\StartScreenPage.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\StringValues.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.exe
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.pdb
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.build.appxrecipe
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.ViewModel.dll
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.Model.dll
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.ViewModel.pdb
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.ViewModel.pri
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.Model.pdb
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\bin\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.Model.pri
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\CommonResources\TileStyles.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\Customer\SelectCustomerPage.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\StartScreenPage.xaml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.exe
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.pdb
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\AirbusCatalogue.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\develop\workspaces\AirbusCatalogue\AirbusCatalogue\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
